# Agenda 

1. **DAWG** 
- Data Analysis Working Group is a group of SuperDARN international scientists, engineers, and software developers developing analysis software, i.e., [RST](https://github.com/superdarn/rst)
- They have proposed (and accepted?) adding pyDARN into the DAWG group to help ensure the longievity of pyDARN
- What does this mean for pyDARNers? 
    - Marina Schmidt is still the leader/main developer
    - You are not obligated to develop or help with RST 
    - We will have meetings jointly with them to help with high-level topics
    - People are not required to stay for the RST bits of meetings 
    - pyDARN probably will still hold its meetings for specific problems 
- Recommendations: 
    - I encourage all team members of pyDARN to sign up on the DAWG mailing list. Please note the mailing list is used sparingly so you will not be spammed with this. It will just help organize high-level meetings 
    - You will also be invited to DAWG-internal private repo which will be an excellent holding place for pyDARN internal documentation :) 
    - As following I hope to make meetings before each minor/major release and any time there is a discussion to be had.

2. Thoughts on where meeting notes should be kept?
- DAWG website
- pyDARN website (or both)
- **Wiki**
- DAWG repo 

3. **Citing the pyDARN**:
- Check out Zenodo PR to ensure your information is correct. Do we agree on the top devs get first/second/... X authorship?
- At the CEDAR workshop we talk about how to cite software packages. This discussion lead to how to remind users. Options are: 
    - Add DOI to the plot image
    - ADD pyDARN logo to the plot image 
    - **Add DOI information as a WARNING on the output of the plot** 
    - **Add to pydarn --help**

4. **IO in pyDARN**
- Separate, yes or no? **YES**
- When to separate? **Now**
- Name of the IO package? **pyDARNio**

5. **Upcoming release 1.2**:
- Where are we at with Fan plots?
- Do we want it in 1.2 or hold off? hold off

6. **Development process**
- How to manage projects, tasks, workflow, PR, and issues? 
- Release guidelines
- Any other comments/suggestions? 

7. **Future directions**
- future plots: Noise detection plots, convection maps, fan plots
- future features: slant ranges
- future clean up: nothing said
- What do we want in the next minor release? fan plots 
- What is our goal? seperate from IO and focuse on fan plots

8. **Other business** 
